
# Project Description

The scope of the project is to develop a parser and simple interpreter for the Structured Programming Language (SPL').


## Directory Structure

- `antlr4generatedfiles:` Contains java files which are generated by ANTLR. If lexer and parser rules are changed, new generated files should be copied to this directory.
- `grammar:` Here exists _PslGrammar.g4_ file which defines lexer and parser rules.
- `interpreter:` Contains two important classes: _Interpreter.java_ provides only one static method which is responsible for analyzing and interpreting SPL code. _PslTreeVisitor.java_ implements a visitor pattern for executing statements and evaluating expressions.
- `memory:` Contains the interface and implementation of a memory structure used to store scopes and variables.
- `utils:` Code blocks that are repeated in different places in the program and used for controlling data type and casting are gathered in _Converter.java_.
- `InterpreterTest.java:` Shows how the interpreter can be used.

## Run Locally

You can import the project in your IDE after cloning this repo. To run the interpeter using command line, you can follow these steps:


Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/sinangenc/compiler-design-project.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd compiler-design-project
```

Compile and make jar

```bash
  maven compile
  maven package
```

Run the Interpreter

```bash
  cd target
  java -jar compiler-design-project-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar
```


